---
title: Developers / Webhook Events
---

# Webhook Events

## `order` Object

The following types are valid:

##### `order.pending`

This event indicates that a transaction associated with an order is in a pending
state, meaning it has not been processed or completed yet.

##### `order.success`

This event signals that the transaction associated with an order has been
successfully completed, indicating a successful payment.

##### `order.paid`

This event comes after the success event and indicates that the payment for the
transaction has been received or paid.

##### `order.refunded`

This event signifies that a refund has been processed for a particular
transaction related to an order.

##### `order.disputed`

This event occurs when there is a dispute or disagreement related to a
transaction. It suggests that either the customer or another party involved in
the transaction has raised concerns or issues that need resolution.

##### `order.not_paid`

This event indicates that the transaction associated with an order has not been
paid, suggesting an unsuccessful payment attempt or pending payment.

##### `order.failed`

This event suggests that the transaction for an order has failed, indicating an
unsuccessful processing or authorization.

## `payment` Object

The following types are valid:

##### `payment.pending`

This webhook event occurs when a payment is initiated but is pending. It means
that the payment process has been started but is not yet completed. This could
happens, when for example, if the user has initiated a payment but has not yet
paid idText.

##### `payment.success`

This webhook event occurs when a payment is successfully completed. It indicates
that the payment process has been successfully finalized, and the funds have
been transferred from the payer to the payee. This is typically the desired
outcome for most transactions.

##### `payment.paid`

This webhook event is similar to payment.success and also indicates that a
payment has been successfully completed. However, it might be used in cases
where additional actions are taken after the payment is confirmed, such as
updating the order status or sending a confirmation email.

##### `payment.failed`

This webhook event occurs when a payment attempt fails to complete successfully.
It indicates that the payment process encountered an issue or was unable to be
processed for some reason.
